Add comment about Sale's responsibitlies to deliver token (#5275)
FlowFuse/website: nuxt/content/handbook/engineering/ops/certified-nodes.md

    - Make required changes ff-certified-nodes instance
    - For Self Hosted customer provide token to Sales to pass to the customer
    - For Teams on FFC go to Team Settings -> Danger -> Edit Usage limits, tick Certifed nodes and add the required catalogue URLS to the box at bottom

> 6. Sales provide the token to Self Hosted cutsomers. The token is to be entered on the Admin Settings -> FlowFuse Nodes page. **NOTE:** the cusomer **MUST** be running FlowFue 2.32.0 or newer before applying the token.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Sales provide the token to Self Hosted cutsomers. The token is to be entered on the Admin Settings -> FlowFuse Nodes page. **NOTE:** the cusomer **MUST** be running FlowFue 2.31.2 or newer before applying the token.
```

> 6. Sales provide the token to Self Hosted cutsomers. The token is to be entered on the Admin Settings -> FlowFuse Nodes page. **NOTE:** the cusomer **MUST** be running FlowFue 2.31.2 or newer before applying the token.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Sales provide the token to Self Hosted cutsomers. The token is to be entered on the Admin Settings -> FlowFuse Nodes page. **NOTE:** the cusomer **MUST** be running FlowFue 2.31.2 or newer before applying the token and they will need to restart Instances to pick up the new catalogues.
```
